jake my boyfriend
it's snowing winter is coming in
we have a real connection a rare and
intense attachment
i've never experienced anything like it
i'm thinking of ending things huh what
did you say something
i don't think so weird
[Music]
i'm visiting jake's parents for the
first time he hasn't been my boyfriend
for very long they really are looking
forward
to meeting you i didn't give ending
things
hello we're here oh hi
oh it's all wet
[Music]
here they come jeff has told us so much
about you she told me so much about both
of you too
and you came anyway
jake tells me you're studying quantum
psychics
um physics really
but there's just something profoundly
wrong here is okay
yeah i think endings i am so glad
jake has found someone
soon this will all be a distant memory
who's this it's me no
it was me i tell you i would misplace my
own head if it wasn't screwed onto my
own head
i feel like i was seeing them as they
were seeing them as they will be
seeing them after they're gone no thank
you you can stay here
[Music]
excuse me you don't have to go i don't
have to go where
forward
people like to think of themselves as
points moving through time
but i think it's the opposite
we're stationary and time
passes through us
my cold wind
maybe this is how it was always going to
[Music]
end
you